## constraints/gcp.resourceLocations 
### This list constraint defines the set of locations where location-based GCP resources can be created. By default, resources can be created in any location. Policies for this constraint can specify multi-regions such as asia and europe, regions such as us-east1 or europe-west1 as allowed or denied locations. Allowing or denying a multi-region does not imply that all included sub-locations should also be allowed or denied. For example, if the policy denies the us multiregion, resources can still be created in the regional location us-east1. We recommend using value groups to define your policy. You can specify value groups, collections of locations that are curated by Google to provide a simple way to define your resource locations. To use value groups in your organization policy, prefix your entries with the string in:, followed by the value group. For example, to create resources that will only be physically located within the US, set in:us-locations in the list of allowed values.If the suggested_value field is used in a location policy, it should be a region. If the value specified is a region, a UI for a zonal resource may pre-populate any zone in that region.

## constraints/disableCloudLogging
### Disables Cloud Logging in the organization, project, or folder where this constraint is enforced. Audit logs aren&apos;t affected by this constraint. Logs generated before the constraint is enforced are not deleted and could still be accessed. This constraint is only supported in Cloud Healthcare API.

## constraints/detailedAuditLoggingMode
### When Detailed Audit Logging Mode is enforced, both the request and response are included in Cloud Audit Logs. Changes to this feature may take up to 10 minutes to reflect. This Org Policy is highly encouraged in coordination with Bucket Lock when seeking compliances such as SEC Rule 17a-4(f), CFTC Rule 1.31(c)-(d), and FINRA Rule 4511(c). This policy is currently only supported in Google Cloud Storage.
